# WP34S calculator for DM42 hardware

## A project to bring the WP34s calculator firmware to the DM42 hardware. 

Nearly all of the source code comes directly from the WP34s project; a small but vital contribution has come from the SDKdemo calculator source code, provided by SwissMicros. The SwissMicros code is covered by the BSD 3-clause licence, found in the file LICENSE; the WP34s code and my additions to it are covered by the Gnu GLP3 licence, found in the file src/licence.h.

To install the WP34s program file on your DM42 calculator you need to copy the file build/wp34s.pgm to your DM42 flash drive, and then from the DMCP menu load it. Once it is running you have all of the basic features of the WP34s calculator, with some additional file-handing functions. Printing and stopwatch-mode are currently **not** supported.

The keyboard layout has been adapted to fit that of the DM42, so most keys do what they say. In particular, shift-EXIT turns the calculator off and EXIT turns it on again. To accomodate the huge number of functions available on the real WP34s keyboard this version includes *menus*, which use the top row of function keys. To exit the calculator, for example to return to the DM42, press shift-0 (SETUP) and press the leftmost menu key (System) followed by 1, 2, and 4. This brings you to the DMCP menu; from here you can load a different .pgm file if you wish.

The project has two makefiles. I'm afraid that these have been written for use on a Linux computer only; I was unable to get things to work on Windows, whereas the experience on Linux was relatively painless. The makefile in src/ builds autogenerated files (constants, catalogues, etc.) that are compiled and/or run on the host computer; the makefile at the top level uses these and the rest of the source code to build libraries and code for the DM42 hardware.

More details are to be found in the help/ folder.